[SIEM][Docs] Adds ml tuning task and new ml jobs (#666)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/siem/machine-learning.asciidoc

[float]
[[included-jobs]]
==== Prebuilt jobs

The SIEM app ships with prebuilt {ml} {anomaly-jobs} for
automatically detecting host and network anomalies. If you ship data using
https://www.elastic.co/products/beats[Beats] and your environment
is configured with the appropriate indices (`auditbeat-*`, `filebeat-*`, `packetbeat-*`,
or `winlogbeat-*`) via {kib} -> Management -> Index Patterns, the jobs will be installed

> on page load, and will be displayed within the `Anomaly Detection` interface.

Reviewer: For 7.5, as of https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/48067 this is no longer the case. All jobs will now be displayed by default/regardless of indices configured. Installation still happens in the background, but only when a user _enables_ a given job do we attempt to install the corresponding ML module. I don't think this aspect (installing) needs highlighted as it should make no difference to the user whether the job is _installed_ or _not_, just whether it is running or not.

[float]
[[included-jobs]]
==== Prebuilt jobs

> The SIEM app ships with prebuilt Machine Learning jobs for detecting anomalies.

Author: Thanks @lcawl 
At the moment, we only use anomaly detection jobs. Which att should I use?

> The SIEM app ships with prebuilt Machine Learning jobs for detecting anomalies.

Reviewer 2: we have no data frames yet, so anomaly detection jobs, I think.

> The SIEM app ships with prebuilt Machine Learning jobs for detecting anomalies.

Reviewer 3: These are the pertinent attributes then: {anomaly-job}, {anomaly-jobs}, {anomaly-jobs-cap}.  Sometimes we throw a {ml} qualifier in front of those too.  If you want any additional input on any specific uses, @szabosteve or I are happy to help!

When jobs are stopped and restarted within the two week timeframe, previously
analysed data is not processed again.

<<prebuilt-ml-jobs>> describes all available Machine Learning jobs and lists 
which beats are required on hosts for each job. For information on tuning anomaly results
to reduce the number of false positive, see <<tuning-anomaly-results>>.

[float]
[[view-anomolies]]
=== View detected anomalies
To view the `Anomalies` table widget and `Max Anomaly Score By Job` details,
the user must have the `ml_admin` or `ml_user` role.

> NOTE: To adjust the `score` threshold for which {xpack-ref}/xpack-ml.html[anomalies]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
NOTE: To adjust the `score` threshold for which {stack-ov}/xpack-ml.html[anomalies]
```
